We should avoid this forget
Why don't you pay him 5,000 rupees 
This place i8 neare to Washington 
This project 4requires a lat of foster 
The conference will-meet to discuss the project 
The Government decided to adjust the banking ye-rooms 
American sent huge sum money on Defence 
British Government has agreed to help the poorest 
Government need to spontaneous 15000 rupees on social sources 
 American sent huge sum money on Defence 
Government need to spontaneous 15000 rupees on social sources

Identifier yo a bucket Where all the trades o a client are executed After execution It needs to client's and accounts Blackstone would have a TOP account it executes Grades finally those trade need to go to its client's account Deterministic matching is performed between client instructions and Banks trade seconds Matched Trade Records can be booked in Banks booking system Give to appropriate brokers

Confirmation can also stories to a broker's written acknowledgement that they have a completed a trade These can be in electronic re babes tos and record Information such as date price commission trees and settlement terms of the trade Brokers typically . send a confirmation within one week of trade's completion Technical indicators tal into tow broad categories trend momentum volatility and volume When seeking confirmation to a trade signal provided by one indicator it i usually best to look an indicator tom a different category Otherwise the same re similar bouts are counted multiple smas giving the illusion confirmation when in tact little new information has been taken into account

Confirmation can also refer's to a broker's written acknowledgement that they have a completed a trade These ca be in electronic or papers tos and second information such as date poured commission fees and settlement ters of the trade Brokers typically send a confirmation within one weeke of trades completion- Technical indicators fall into four broad categories tend momentum volatility and volume When seeking confirmation for i trade signal provided by one indicator it # usually best to look a indicator from a different category Other-hues the same or Similar bouts amenities counted multiple same or Similar bus amenities counted multiple times song the illusion of confirmation when ,n fact little new information has been taken into accounts 
Confirmation can also refer's to a broker's written acknowledgement that they have a completed a trade These can be in electronic o papers foster and second information such as date price , commission fees and settlement ters of the trade Brokers , typically send a confirmation within one meek of trade's completion Technical indicators fall into four road categories C trend momentum volatility and volume When seeking confirmation far a trade signal provided by one indicato , it is usually best to look a indicato from a different category Otherwise the same or simulate input are counted multiple times giving the illusion of confirmation when in , fact little new information ha,been taken into account
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . P investment bank is a financial intermediary P investment bank is a financial intermediary that performs a variety of services Most investment banks specialised in large and complex financial transactions such as underwriting I acting as am intermediary between a securities issue and the investing public facilitating mergers and othe corporate reorganizations and acting as a broker os financial advisers for institutional clients Deutsche Bank is a German multinational investment bank and financial se(nines company headquartered inn Frankfurt Germany- Our culture are based ous size values 's Integrity Sustainable Performance , Cent Centricity Innovation Discipline Partnership ,